Now that you've seen how Grid works,
you're probably wondering how you could run this across multiple machines.
There's a few ways you could go about doing this.
One of the first options is just having a bunch of
commodity machines sitting around.
You could buy a bunch of Mac Minis or other commodity hardware,
simple desktop instances, old, reclaimed laptops.
They're often just sitting around idle, and you're just going
to use them for QA and testing purposes.
The other option is a VMware or VirtualBox or Hypervisor
instance that you go through and spin up and down an instance
of a server as you go to use it.
Another great option is Docker instances. You could look at using
Amazon EC2 or Azure services to spin up thread instances of those
operating systems as you need them.
So the way these work is they will be loaded on demand. It
takes a little bit longer for your test, and you only pay on
the CPU cycles that you use.
And then if you really wanted to get super sophisticated,
you could actually set up a Cloud Foundry instance for your testing environment
where you're procuring your own cloud instances as you need them in your own
cloud that you've built for your own QA environment.
A lot of work using your old Cloud Foundry, but if you have
some very serious heavyweight QA testing framework needs that you're trying to set up, it really is a great option.